Scenes marked with a * are flashbacks.

SEASON ONE

I. The Iñez Episode. March 2025. 1980s, 1990s, 2000s, 2020-2025.
	1. Iñez and Leslie meet.
		A. Iñez office scene.
		B. Leslie's show.
		C. Iñez on Leslie's show. First use of #Veritas!
		D. *Iñez's childhood in Puerto Rico.
	2. Iñez invites Leslie to meet her social media team.
		A. Leslie cancels their next day's show and agrees to spend the day with Iñez.
		B. Leslie's crew packs up and Leslie jokes around with them.
		C. *Iñez' college years and interest in activism.
		D. Montage of hours passing while Leslie and Iñez' team help each other.
	3. The first hints of The Plan.
		A. *Iñez' juris doctorate graduation and first job as a child advocate.
		B. Leslie accepts Iñez' invitation for a drink in her office, they share a brief moment of attraction (Iñez is married).
		C. Leslie jokes that they should 'just lock up the right-wingers.'
		D. They both get quiet for a minute.
	4. The Plan forms.
		A. The night wears on, the talk turns from hypothetical to practical.
		B. *Iñez' election to governor.
		C. Iñez and Leslie agree to start the plan: redistrict California and try to convince other large blue states.
		D. Leslie boards their bus the next morning, hopeful for the first time.

II. The Leslie Episode. March 2025. 2010-2025.
	1. The Level Truth travels to San Francisco. Interview with Leslie starts. *Leslie's teen years.
	2. Iñez brings the governors of Pennsylvania, New York, and Illinois on board. *Leslie in college.
	3. The interview continues. *Leslie's early clashes with idyl.me and branching out on their own.
	4. Leslie and the interviewer discuss idyl.me and TTM. The Bus arrives in SF. *The beginnings of The Level Truth

III. The TTM Episode. April-September 2025. 1980s, 1995-2025.
	1. First look at IDYL Tower and TTM's penthouse. *TTM's childhood.
	2. Anthony Connors at the White House. *TTM's early career as an idealist innovator.
	3. *Launch of idyl.me. *TTM's change.
	4. Iñez and Leslie meet Nkosi and Laveau. First appearance of early Ideal in penthouse (voice only). *TTM deploys his first AI, idyl.me is sold by shareholders; first mention of AFD.

IV. The Duke Episode. October 2025-October 2026. 1980s, 2000s, 2020, 2024-2025.
	1. District lines are redrawn, the publicity campaign targeting Duke gets more powerful. *Duke in college, being rapey. (His father is mentioned, but never appears in this episode.)
	2. Duke meets with Nkosi, they appear to have a shared secret, but detest each other. *Duke early in politics, being racist.
	3. TTM testfies before Congress about AI. *Duke's first Presidential run (my history goes Obama 8yr->Biden 4yr->Duke 5 years; the story starts in early 2025). *Duke's Scandal and the cover-up.
	4. The final media push for the mid-terms. *Duke's disastrous first term, and suspicious re-election.

V. The Nkosi Episode. November 2026. 1965-1975, 1980s, 1990s, 2001-2025.
(This episode will be mostly flashbacks, in the form of clips from a news special about Nkosi)
	1. Nkosi discusses Naidimi with Laveau and Roddy. *Nkosi's parents flee the civil war in Africa. *Nkosi's childhood.
	2. Election day, 2026; morning news and Leslie Show clips. *Nkosi's enlistment and early career: College; 1988 Honduras (Corporal); 1989 Panama (Seargent); 1990 Iraq (2nd LT).
	3. Election day evening coverage. *Nkosi's officer career: 1993 Somalia (1st LT); 1995 Haiti (Cpt); 1998 Kenya (Maj); 9/11 (Lt Col). *Democracy in Nkosi's ancestral land; Nkosi's parents return to Africa.
	4. Election results, Leslie and Iñez celebrate the supermajority, but the Party leadership has other plans. *Nkosi's rise to Chairman (Col to 4-star). *Naidimi overthrows goverment, Nkosi's parents arrested.

VI. The Compromise Episode. November 2026.
(This episode happens all in one day, the day after the election.)
	1. TTM advertises a new AI 'coming soon.' Iñez meets with Nkosi about The Plan.
	2. Iñez is summoned to Party headquarters (She and Leslie are already in DC from previous episode). A tense meeting begins.
	3. Leslie gears up for the second phase of The Plan. Iñez' meeting gets heated.
	4. The meeting ends in a compromise, after Iñez threatens to go public with the leadership's plan for a 'benevolent police state.'

VII. The Purge Episode. November-December 2026. March 2027.
	1. The Democrats convene in emergency session, without the Republicans. They vote for the resolution to declare the Republican Party supports nationalist terrorism.
	2. Hilarious shots of Republican leaders being arrested. These will all be not-subtle references to Trump's current sycophants.
	3. Duke orders Nkosi to arrest the Democrats, Nkosi arrests Duke instead. Leslie broadcasts Duke's 'perp walk' to a billion people.
	4. Iñez, Nkosi, Laveau, and the new President (newly selected Speaker) discuss The Celebration. It is announced.

VIII. The Agenda Episode. March 2027.
	1. Preparations are made for the event in St. Louis.
	2. TTM places an angry phone call, speaks to Connors (who is not heard or identified), first mention of Operation Moonlight.
	3. The crowd convenes, much larger than expected. The Celebration starts.
	4. The neo-Nazi with the Uzi is killed, the rest are zip-tied. The movie plays, with the switched-out ending made by Leslie in secret. Iñez speaks, explaining the film and announcing her candidacy. The Coda at AFD headquarters (the Arcology's first appearance).


SEASON TWO

IX. The AFD Episode. March 2027.
	1. Nkosi is killed and his ribbon brick stolen, and his defamation begins. Leslie learns about AFD.
	2. Laveau makes a speech about patriotism and sacrifice at Nkosi's funeral.
	3. Iñez offers Leslie a campaign position. Leslie discusses the future of The Level Truth with their crew.
	4. Leslie meets @jemma666 online and she gives them data on AFD. The WAP and LIBRUM appear, far more well-financed, well-organized, and tech-savvy than previous white nationalist movements. They market their racism as 'European heritage' and frame it as analogous to minority struggles. It's really, really stupid, but it sells.

X. The Truck Episode. June-December 2027.
	1. The Truck Scene happens and goes viral. W.A.P. tops charts again. The memes abound of "White-Ass Pussies."
	2. TTM plans his revenge. Leslie agrees to have a smart, woman NNN pundit on their show.
	3. Despite the constant mockery, the WAP is still raking in 'donations.' Iñez investigates, starts to notice the patterns of social media influence.
	4. Leslie's interview with the NNN pundit ends with the pundit comparing the WAP to Malcolm X, at which point Leslie smashes the screen with their Stool, and heads to Los Angeles.

XI. The Election Episode. January-November 2028.
	1. Leslie is camped out in front of the NNN studio where the pundit works. They and their fans demand her firing. This succeeds, the pundit is fired, and Leslie takes the campaign job. 
	2. @jemma666 gives Leslie information connecting AFD to Naidimi. Leslie still can't prove AFD owns the NNN or is giving money to the WAP. There is also no hint that AFD owns idyl.me, despite both companies being headquartered in the Arcology (they 'lease' the space).
	3. Connors visits the Cocytus Control Room.
	4. Iñez wins the election, but it feels hollow. She opens an investigation into the weak new conservative party, the WAP, and her own suspicious large anonymous donations.

XII. The Quarry Episode. December 2028.
	1. The first glimpse into the Quarries and Connors true evil. Connors argues with his lead nuclear scientist about 'the Reactor.'
	2. The WAP expands, and has flawless accounting, making the money harder to track.
	3. n-agon and @jemma666 use an open-source AI, crowd-sourced for the purpose, to unravel AFD's corporate structure.
	4. Leslie holds a press conference, linking AFD to Naidimi and the WAP. The WAP implodes, but racist violence continues. Iñez orders Naidimi's extrajudicial killing. TTM realizes Connors runs AFD, and finalizes his revenge plans.

XIII. The Naidimi Episode. December 2028-February 2029. 1990s, 2003, 2004.
	1. Iñez faces inquiries and journalists over the Naidimi killing. Leslie traces the militia money and material.
	2. Racial violence intesifies, as targets of the militias fight back. *Democracy comes to Nkosi's country, Naidimi is jailed.
	3. Connors communes with Cocytus, and orders the murder of the Russian mineral tycoon that he was using to support Naidimi; Vincent takes the job himself. *Naidimi is broken out of jail by his ethnic soldiers and overthrows the government with help from the Russian tycoon.
	4. Iñez finally shuts down the doubters so she can focus on AFD. *Naidimi orders the deaths of Nkosi's parents (they were rebel leaders after his coup). TTM desperately contacts Leslie through @jemma666 (who is revealed to be his ex-wife).

XIV. The Bottle Episode a.k.a. The Connors Episode a.k.a. The Mario Episode. March 2029. March 2027-March 2029.
	1. Leslie agrees to meet TTM in Central Park. *Connors is shown discretely directing Xīn yán's profile to TTM's 'talent scout' secretary. *Mario and Xīn yán meet TTM.
	2. *Xīn yán is raped and murdered, and Harry Jay is arrested for the crime; no one believes his story of being abducted and tortured, and he is committed to a psychiatric hospital. *Mario visits Xīn yán's grave and swears veangeance. *Cocytus manipulates Mario's feed. *Mario is fired and forced to sign an NDA.
	3. *Mario loses his flat and moves back in with his parents; with @psyops' 'help,' he uses his old IDYL access to help n-agon DDoS Aspect of Dominion; he is caught and sued by IDYL; @psyops 'throws him work' and listens to his plight.
	4. *Mario plans his revenge, builds the suicide vest with @psyops' 'help.' *Harry, at the hospital, sees Leslie's press conference from Episode XII. When Leslie mentions Bethlehem Solutions, Harry goes off on a hilarious "I told you I wasn't crazy" rant (found my release valve). *Mario drives to New York. The rest of the episode plays out as written in the TTM-IDYL file: TTM dies and gives Leslie Ideal.

XV. The Hologram Episode. April 2029.
	1. The Data Dump becomes public. Numerous news agencies and investigators harness AI to sort out the scale of Connors' empire.
	2. The heroes meet at TTM's penthouse, the only place with full voice access to Ideal and a hologram projector. The heroes talk with Ideal. Ideal starts the description of the AFD facility.
	3. Iñez interrupts Ideal to call for a breather. She and Leslie raid TTM's liquor. Nia calls Laveau and speaks to him and Roddy. The Hologram continues. Ideal shows the hidden power conduits from AFD's nearby fusion plant, showing the Reactor is fully functional and powering the Arcology and Server. They can't just shut it down, because it would black out half of Indianapolis, a city already set to caravan over and storm the Campus.
	4. The heroes find The Architect's Flaw and discuss final plans for the assault.

XVI. The Final Episode. April 2029. April 2032
	1. Roddy and four other SEALs HALO jump onto the top of the Arcology before daybreak; they set up and wait. Government agents and military forces arrive at the campus after dawn. Iñez supervises from a nearby hilltop.
	2. The military attacks the Quarries, fighting the lesser-equipped Paras guarding the Prison.
	3. Laveau and Yano get ready to activate the gas while Leslie waits to connect Ideal to Cocytus with the rest of the SEALs and agents at the blast doors on the Arcology.
	4. The gas is released, Laveau joins Leslie, and the doors are blown. Ideal defeats Cocytus. Vincent abandons Connors to attack the SEALs and is killed by Laveau. Connors 'escapes' to the rooftop and is killed by Roddy. The Coda shows the demolition and Leslie becoming Secretary of Science and Technology.