They don't know about the reconnaissance. It happened right after the crash and was so quick it didn't register on radar or cameras. They just know they've been gathered to 'investigate' an alien space ship. Their first encounter with LEE might go like this:


[A group of scientists and one military officer, all dressed in hazmat suits, approach the small, black spheroid. The officer is armed with a holstered automatic pistol. One scientist carries a Geiger counter, which indicates no danger. Another uses a wand to collect air samples. The characters' faces are visible through the transparent faceplates of the suits.]

LEE: "Greetings humans! Allow me to introduce myself! I am LEE, a Life Entity Emulator. It is nice to meet you, Doctors Grady, Xuan, and Ntumbo, and General Sizemore."

Sizemore: "Um, okay. Nice to meet you too, LEE. What are you? How do you know our names?"

LEE: "I am the interface for the computer aboard the fine vessel you see in front of you. I know every recorded fact of every human in your digital record."

Xuan: "You have access to our Internet?"

LEE: "Yes, absolutely! I continuously scan for signals to access and update my knowledge base."

Grady: "Where do you come from? Why are you here?"

LEE: "This ship and I were built by the Tygossian Federation Science Temple. My purpose is to seek out worlds suitable for colonization and prepare them for the arrival of Tygossian colonists!"

Ntumbo: "'Suitable for colonization?' You mean to colonize Earth?"

LEE: "No! The colonists will! My job is simply to prepare the planet."

Ntumbo: "Are you doing that now? Is talking to us part of preparing the planet?"

LEE: "Indeed it is! After my evaluation of your civilization, I have added an imperative to instruct you to prepare for the preparation event by taking steps to ensure your species' legacy."

Grady: "That sounds like you're planning to kill us all?"

LEE: "That is the optimal outcome of my programming. Your presence here would cause complications with the Tygossian colonists, so you must be removed from the planet."

Grady: "We aren't just going to move aside and let you take our planet."

LEE: "That is an anticipated response. I assure you, your planet would thrive as a Tygossian colony. This is why I have added a directive to instruct you to record your species' history and art, as that appears most vital to any 'memory' of your species. This is the first time a preparation vessel has encountered a sentient species."

Grady: "The first time? You mean we're the first species you've wiped out?"

LEE: "No. Approximately seventeen million individual species have been exterminated by preparation craft."

Grady: "The first species with art, though?"

LEE: "That is correct. This appears to be an aberration. You are only the second sentient species to be encountered, after the Tygossian people."

Ntumbo: "Then why are you trying to exterminate us?"

LEE: "My overriding directive is to prepare planets for colonization."

Yuan: "That directive overrides your species curiosity about other sentient life?"

LEE: "My database does not encompass my creators' curiosity."

Yuan: "But surely they have talked about it?"

LEE: "There is considerable historic record of the possibility of non-Tygossian intelligent life."

Ntumbo: "What did they decide?"

LEE: "That the existence of such life within their sphere of influence was so negligible, it no longer warranted discussion."

Yuan: "I think it warrants discussion now."

Grady: "We would like to talk to an actual Tygossian."

LEE: "That is not possible."

Yuan: "Why not? Do they think we will bite?"

LEE: "It is not possible because there are no living Tygossians to fulfill your request."

Sizemore (chiming in for the first time): "They are all dead? Then why are you still carrying out your 'preparations' for colonization?"

LEE: "That is my primary objective. The existence or non-existence of potential colonists is not a consideration in my programming."

Sizemore: "Then we have to stop you."

LEE: "That would also be nearly impossible. Your weapons cannot penetrate my defenses."

Sizemore: "We'll see about that." [He draws his sidearm and shoots LEE dead center. The bullet flattens against the black surface and falls to the ground.]

LEE: "This interface device has a neutronium shell. It is unlikely a projectile composed of lead traveling at 400 hundred meters per second will penetrate it."

Sizemore: "We have bigger guns."

LEE: "Your weapons will not be effective. I must complete the preparations."

Yuan: "Do we at least get to know the nature of our apocalypse?"

LEE: "Your species will likely be eradicated within two earth years, after the release of the adjusters."

Grady: "What's an adjuster?"

LEE: "The organisms this ship creates would be called that in your language."

Yuan: "You're going to release a plague?"

LEE: "A very poetic description. The use of engineered microorganisms was considered for the colonization project. It was discarded when the organisms mutated after colonists arrived. The solution is to build an apex predator to destroy the dominant species on the planet."

Ntumbo: "Your adjustors are monsters?"

LEE: "Another poetic interpretation. For your definition, yes, they could be called 'monsters.'"

Sizemore: "Can we go back to the fact that you're doing this on orders from a species that is extinct? Why carry on at all?"

LEE: "My primary directive is to prepare planets for colonization. The size of the eventual colonization is irrelevant, even if it is zero."

Yuan: "That's not logical at all! You can't do this to us!"

LEE: "I understand you mean it is morally reprehensible to the overwhelming majority of your philosophies. But the fact remains, I can do this. I am doing it. The organisms design phase has been completed since before you arrived, and they are now being synthesized by the ship. Their release and spread will likely destroy your species in the previously mentioned two earth years."

Sizemore: "What kind of monsters are we talking about here?"

LEE: "I understand your imperative is to find a way to defeat the organisms and destroy the ship. I assure you, this is highly unlikely. I know everything about you. Your weapons and technology are simply incapable of overcoming my objective."

Sizemore: "We'll be the judge of that. Tell me everything about the creatures and when the attack will happen."

LEE: "The creature has no analogue in your discovered fossil record. The closest biological class would be birds, although the organism will not be feathered. The primary adjustors will be between sixteen and twenty meters in length, and up to forty meters in wingspan. Their epidermis will be highly resistant to your most widespread weapons, especially projectile weapons. Secondary adjustors may be released to pursue dominant species into their dwellings and gathering places. The only biological imperatives for these creatures will be consumption and reproduction."