Season two of The Level Truth is about Iñez Lā'au's campaign for President, while Leslie helps her with the digital side. Their friendship grows, but is tempered by a new player on the American political arena: An well financed, ultra-white-nationalist party that can almost match Leslie's media influence. This new party, literally called The White America Party, gains significant traction in the polls and online. Leslie first role as a hero instead of an observer is to try to manage the misinformation The WAP puts out: European people are superior, trans people are crazy, blah, blah, blah. The name is a reference to a recent popular song and the dual meaning of the word 'pussy.' [I hesitated to put this detail in the show. My first objective is to be as inclusive as possible with my project. Calling a weak or cowardly person a 'pussy' is a usage LONG, LONG PAST it's expiration date. But I really, really couldn't resist the pun. This is a comedy after all. Also, Nazis are pussies.]

[A busy commercial district in a major city is crossed by an expressway. There is a long light at the cross-streets to favor the higher volume highway.

Asshole #473 pulls his jacked-up truck with a WAP bumper sticker and other racist garbage up to the stop light, he notices three Bystanders at the intersection:

1. Leo, a Latino teenager with colorful clothing and what appear to be homemade tattoos covered up with an inexpensive tattoo gun. From A#473’s perspective, Leo is seen as a caricature of an MS-13 executioner, waving a gold-plated Uzi around.

2. Dr. Mandal, an Indian psychology professor at the local college. A#473 sees him as Mathatma Ghandi, robe and all.

3. Arty, an attractive young white man wearing stylish clothes and a scarf. To the bigot, he’s a flamboyantly gay man, waving ‘gaily’ at him and blowing him kisses.

As the camera goes from each framing shot of the bystanders back to Asshole #473's face, his bigotry is telegraphed:

For Leo, the expression of fear, he gently strokes the weapon under his shirt, in the front of his pants.

For Dr. Mandal, a satisfied scowl-frown at his clothes and manner, implying he sees South Asians as an "ideal minority."

For Arty, the look is pure disgust, but lingers…

While engaged in his the internal dialogue, another car pulls up next to him at the intersection. It is a sleek, modern sport hybrid with T-tops, A#473 can see right down into the car from his ridiculous vehicle. The two occupants are both women, both POC, and are holding hands over the central console. They don't notice him, because they are singing along and dancing in their seats to their stereo, playing W.A.P. by Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion, extremely loudly.

He rolls down his window and attempts to yell something homophobic and racist, but his voice cannot be heard over the music. The couple don't even notice him.

Asshole #473 frantically rolls up his window and pulls out his cell phone. The music is still quite loud inside the cab.]

Asshole #473: “LIBRUM, set a reminder for half an hour: Make idyl.me post.”LIBRUM (v.o. from phone): “Here are the lyrics for W.A.P. by Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion.”

Asshole #473: “No, you dumb fuck, set a reminder.”LIBRUM: “Reminder set to read lyrics of W.A.P.”Asshole #473: “What the fuck? You goddamn worthless piece of shit, I don’t want the words to the fucking song.”LIBRUM: “Now playing W.A.P. by—” [Asshole #473 throws his phone on the floor.]

[He gets so pissed, he floors the gas and runs the red light, immediately running into by a Tyson Chicken semi (chicken joke, I can do those too). The impact spins his truck around facing the couple in the car. The Bystanders and The Lesbians in the Car see this whole thing, watch the man angrily try to open his door, fail because it is jammed by the impact, fight with his seatbelt, cross the truck to get out the other side, only to find that door is jammed as well. Still very, very angry, he then uses a tire iron on the broken glass of his back windshield to make a hole big enough to crawl through, bloodying his hands as he struggles with the safety glass. He crawls through the window into the bed of the truck. 

As he stands up in the bed of the truck, hits his head on a misshapen part of the semi-trailer that ended up above the bed, he then stumbles and falls out of the truck onto the pavement.

He gets up and tries lean on the truck for support, his hand slipping on the blood, and falls down again.

Managing to get up, he tries to brush the broken glass out of his hair and clothes, only to smear both with blood.

His brain kicks back in and he realizes where he is and what's going on. He sees the couple, and starts to charge toward them, murder in his eyes.

He pulls out a gun, a ridiculous affair: a chrome-plated IMI Desert Eagle 50AE. This thing would break his arm if he fired it. As he attempts to cross the intersection, he's immediately stuck and killed by a police armored personnel carrier, comically flying through the air. The APC is revealed in a later news story to be responding to a swatting call. The couple turn their music up louder and speed away, laughing.]